1. There's considerable debate over how we should react if we detect a signal from an alien civilisation.
如果我们探测到了来自外星文明的信号，应该如何回应是一个备受争议的问题。

2. The two world wars, which interrupted the supply of raw materials from Japan, also stifled the European silk industry.
两次世界大战中断了来自日本的原材料供应，同时也抑制了欧洲的丝绸工业。

3. Migration is a complex issue, and biologists define it differently, depending in part on what sorts of animals they study.
迁徙是一个复杂的问题，动物学家对它有不同的定义，部分取决于他们研究得动物的种类。

4. One way is by organising backstage tours, so people can be shown round the buildings and learn how the theatre operates. 
一种方式是组织后台参观，这样人们可以参观建筑并学习剧院是如何运作的。

5. What I'm afraid will happen is that books and magazines will all disappear, and there will just be rows and rows of computers.
我担心会发生的是书籍和杂志都将会消失，只剩下一排排的电脑。

6. The psychological laboratory has a strong claim to legitimacy and evokes trust and confidence in those who perform there.
这个心理学实验室坚决声称拥有合法性并唤起了在那里实验的人的信任和信心。

7. The displays of art museums serve as a warning of what critical practices can emerge when spontaneous criticism is suppressed.
艺术博物馆得陈列警示我们当自发的批评被压制时可能出现的批评。

8. Vertical farming is an attempt to address the undoubted problems that we face in producing enough food for a growing population.
垂直农业试图解决我们在为增长的人口生产足够粮食时面临的毋庸置疑的问题。

9. It was not until 1500 BC, however, that the first hollow glass container was made by covering a sand core with a layer of molten glass.
直到公元前1500年，第一个真空玻璃才通过用一层熔融玻璃覆盖砂芯制成。

10. Many theorists believe the ideal boss should lead from behind, taking pride in collective accomplishment and giving credit where it is due.
许多理论学家相信理想的老板应该在后方指挥，以集体成就为荣并分配相应的荣誉。

11. Though we might think of film as essentially visual experience, we really cannot afford to underestimate the importance of film sound.
虽然我们可能认为电影本质上是一种视觉体验，但我们真的不能低估电影声音的重要性。

12. As far as goods transport is concerned, growth is due to a large extent to changes of the European econemy and its system of production.
就货物运输而言，其增长很大程度上取决于欧洲的经济和生产体系的变化。

13. In order to track temporal hours during the day, inventors created sundial which indicate time by the length or direction of the sun's shadow.
为了在白天记录日光时，发明家创造了靠阳光影子的长度或方向来指示时间的日晷。

14. Lee Hall's analysis of figures comparing the times of the fires and the proportion of seed that germinated was done in a lot of detail -- very impressive.
Lee Hall 对比不同火灾发生时间和种子发芽比例的分析非常详细且令人印象深刻。

15. While the Inuit may not be starve if hunting and trapping are curtailed by climate change, there certainly been a impact on people’s health.
如果狩猎和诱捕因为气候变化受到限制，因纽特人可能实际上也不会挨饿，但这肯定也会对他们的健康产生影响。

16. It seems that the brain sees these images as puzzles, the harder it is to decipher the meaning, the more rewarding the moment of recognition.
似乎大脑把这些图像看成是拼图，越难解读其中的含义，识别出来时越令人满意。

17. Such material, even where it appears comparatively trivial, can have a serious effects on the company, supplier, or customer if it falls into wrong hands.
如果这种材料落到错误的人手中，即使它看起来相对不重要，也会对公司、供应商或客户产生严重的影响。

18. If the glass were kept hot enough, it would flow over the molten tin, until the top surface is also flat, horizontal and perfectly parallel to the bottom surface.
如果玻璃保持足够的热度，它就会流满熔化的锡表面，直到顶部表面也变的平坦，水平，并且与底部表面完美平行。

19. It was once assumed that improvements in telecommunications would lead to more dispersal of the population as people were no longer forced into cities.
曾经认为，通信技术的改进会导致人口分散，因为人们不再被迫进入城市。

20. Compared to language, all other inventions pale in significance, since everything we have ever achieved depends on language and originates from it.
与语言相比，所有其他发明都相形见绌，因为我们所取得的每一点成就都依赖于语言，并起源于它。